README.md, before:

# APP TITLE GOES HERE  

#### _Object-Oriented Programming_ - _4/27/2020_

#### _Eric Settels, Antonio Cruz, Allison Mackey, Jozy Kinnaman, Joshua Hellman_

## **Description**

_This program will allow a user to input their location and receive information on businesses that are currently open during the COVID-19 pandemic. It will also tell the user what safety tips they should follow while going out in public. Once the quarantine has been lifted we'd like to update it with businesses that have closed due to the pandemic._

## **Setup/Installation**

1. Step one: Open up your terminal
2. Step two: Navigate to the desired directory in which you want to clone this repository.
3. Step three: Clone this repository.
4. Step four: Open the repository.
5. Step Five: Retrieve your own api key from  [Google](https://developers.google.com/maps/gmp-get-started) OR contact our team to retrieve IP address authentication to receive access to our API key. 
_Note: Google API rescritions allows us to restrict our KEY to IP Addresses & HTTP websites. Which is why it is hard coded into our application and not hidden with a .env file._ 
6. Step seven: Run npm run start on your terminal. 
7. Step Eight: Enjoy site. 

or enjoy it at [Netlify] (netlify site here)

## **Behaviors**

1. Allows user to input their zipcode []
2. Allows user to see businesses that are currently open []
3. Allows user to see a map/list of businesses that are open []

## **Stretch Goals**


- Geocoding getting that API working 
- Allowing the user to select a type "pharmacy", "restraunts", "liquor-stores", "cannibis shop" (drop-down)
- Allowing the user to type a more specific keyword into a form for results for the getBusinesses() API call 
- List of things that are displayed to user: name, address, phone number. 
- Icons display on map pin? 
- Click function to zoom into map location based off user selection (init map function within click function)
- Have display on Netlify & mobile device media query 
- Practice our presentation




## **Known Bugs**

There are no known bugs at this time.

## **Support and contact details**

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, feel free to contact the team @ 


## **Technologies Used**

* JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Visual Studio Code, GitBash, Jest, Webpack, Babel, ESlint & 

## **License**

### **_MIT_**

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Eric Settels, Antonio Cruz, Allison Mackey, Jozy Kinnaman, Joshua Hellman | Epicodus_**

Commit message:

add more functionality to displayList() to display info from our new API call.

README.md, after:

# APP TITLE GOES HERE  

#### _Object-Oriented Programming_ - _4/27/2020_

#### _Eric Settels, Antonio Cruz, Allison Mackey, Jozy Kinnaman, Joshua Hellman_

## **Description**

_This program will allow a user to input their location and receive information on businesses that are currently open during the COVID-19 pandemic. It will also tell the user what safety tips they should follow while going out in public. Once the quarantine has been lifted we'd like to update it with businesses that have closed due to the pandemic._

## **Setup/Installation**

1. Step one: Open up your terminal
2. Step two: Navigate to the desired directory in which you want to clone this repository.
3. Step three: Clone this repository.
4. Step four: Open the repository.
5. Step Five: Retrieve your own api key from  [Google](https://developers.google.com/maps/gmp-get-started) OR contact our team to retrieve IP address authentication to receive access to our API key. 
_Note: Google API rescritions allows us to restrict our KEY to IP Addresses & HTTP websites. Which is why it is hard coded into our application and not hidden with a .env file._ 
6. Step seven: Run npm run start on your terminal. 
7. Step Eight: Enjoy site. 

or enjoy it at [Netlify] (netlify site here)

## **Behaviors**

1. Allows user to input their zipcode and Google Geocode API converts to lat/lng to display results based off of zip [X]
2. Allows user to see businesses that are currently open [X]
3. Allows user to see a map/list of businesses that are open [X]
4. Allows the user to select a type "pharmacy", "restraunts", "liquor-stores", "cannibis shop" (drop-down) 
5. Allows user to type a more specific "keyword" into a form for results for the getBusinesses() API call 

## **Stretch Goals**
- List of things that are displayed to user: name, address, phone number. 
- Icons display on map pin? 
- Click function to zoom into map location based off user selection (init map function within click function)
- Have display on Netlify & mobile device media query 
- Practice our presentation




## **Known Bugs**

There are no known bugs at this time.

## **Support and contact details**

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, feel free to contact the team @ 


## **Technologies Used**

* JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Visual Studio Code, GitBash, Jest, Webpack, Babel, ESlint & 

## **License**

### **_MIT_**

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Eric Settels, Antonio Cruz, Allison Mackey, Jozy Kinnaman, Joshua Hellman | Epicodus_**
